chptr 17
    1. Introduction: the MDN Errors Documentation link does not work. (looking for outside site)
    2. Introduction: the W3Schools JavaScript Error link does not work.(have the site to W3Schools but path not to it)
    3. Next Steps: the W3Schools JavaScript Errors link does not work. (have the site to W3Schools but path not to it)
    4. Next Steps: the mdn web docs_ on Control flow and error handling link does not work.(looking for outside site)
    5. Next Steps: the tutorialspoint errors and exceptions handling link does not work. (looking for outside site)
    6. Next Steps: the geeksforgeeks JavaScript Error and Exceptional Handling with Examples link does not work. (looking for outside site)
chptr 18
    1. Next Steps: the JavaScript Classes link does not work.(looking for outside site)
    2. Next Steps: the W3Schools (have the site to W3Schools but path not to it) 
    3. Next Steps: the MDN documentation link does not work.(looking for outside site)
chptr 19
    1. Running Programs in the Terminal: the npm CLI link does not work
    2. Next Steps: None of the links work (looking for outside site)
chptr 20
    1. Exercise: Mozilla link does not work (looking for outside site)
    2. Studio: full documentation link does not work (looking for outside site)
    3. Studio: The New York Times link does not work 
    4. Studio: Using Firefox Page Inspector link does not work
    5. Studio: Firefox DevTools Documentation link does not work
    6. Studio: Dropbox link does not work
    7. Next Steps: None of the links work (looking for outside site)
chptr 21
    1. Next Steps: None of the links work (looking for outside site)
chptr 22
    1.Task 2: Time to Communicate!: Git Branching - Basic Branching and Merging link does not work (looking for outside site)
    2.Task 2: Time to Communicate: Adding Another Person to Your Repository link does not work (not applicable for off line learning)
        This link is referencing GitHub
    3.Task 2: Time to Communicate: Resolving Conflicts In the Command Line link does not work (looking for outside site)
    4.Next Steps: None of the links work (looking for outside site)
chptr 23
    1. JavaScript and the Browser: Can I Use link do not work
    2. More DOM Methods and Properties: the W3Schools (have the site to W3Schools but path not to it)
    3. More DOM Methods and Properties: the MDN DOM reference.
    4. Event Types: the W3Schools (have the site to W3Schools but path not to it)
    5. Event Types: the MDN DOM reference.
chptr 24
    1. How the Internet Works:  “series of tubes" link does not work(looking for outside site going to youtube)
    2. How the Internet Works: MX Toolbox link does not work (looking for outside site)
    3. How the Internet Works: search on duckduckgo.com link does not work (look for outside site)
    4. How the Internet Works: How Do URLs Work? link does not work
    5. How the Internet Works: How the Internet Works link does not work
    6. HTTP at a Glance: US Air Force link does not work (looking for outside site) 
    7. HTTP at a Glance: verkeorg link does not work (looking for outside site)
    8. Requests: World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) link does not work (looking for outside site)
    9. Requests: 8 methods link does not work (looking for outside site)
    10. Requests: "quite a few request headers" link does not work (looking for outside site)
    11. Requests: "Wikipedia’s article on HTTP request headers" link does not work (looking for outside site)
    12. Responses: "quite a few response headers" link does not work (looking for outside site - Wikipedia)
    13. Responses: "Wikipedia’s article on HTTP response codes" link does not work (looking for outside site)
    14. HTTP in the Browser: MDN link does not work (looking for outside site)
    15. HTTP in the Browser: "our example from the HTML Me Something assignment" link does not work (looking for education.launchcode.org)
    16. Next Steps: None of the links work (looking for outside site)